README.md, before:

## A/B Genie - Live your Testing Dreams

A simple and effective Chrome extension that provides product validation recommendations based on a one-liner description.

## Features

- Quick and concise product validation recommendations
- Easy to use with a one-liner description input
- User-friendly interface
- Runs seamlessly in the background while you browse the web

## How to Use

1. Download the source code from the GitHub repository.
2. Go to Chrome's extensions page (chrome://extensions).
3. Enable Developer Mode by clicking the toggle switch in the top right corner.
4. Click on "Load Unpacked" and select the source code folder you just downloaded.
5. Input a one-liner description of your product idea in the extension pop-up.
6. Get instant recommendations on how to validate your product.

## Disclaimer

The recommendations provided by the extension are for informational purposes only and should not be considered as professional advice. Always conduct thorough research and seek the advice of experts before making any business decisions.

Commit message:

added license and info to readme

README.md, after:

## A/B Genie - Live your Testing Dreams

A simple and effective Chrome extension that provides product validation recommendations based on a one-liner description.

## Features

- Quick and concise product validation recommendations
- Easy to use with a one-liner description input
- User-friendly interface
- Runs seamlessly in the background while you browse the web

## How to Use

1. Download the source code from the GitHub repository.
2. Go to Chrome's extensions page (chrome://extensions).
3. Enable Developer Mode by clicking the toggle switch in the top right corner.
4. Click on "Load Unpacked" and select the source code folder you just downloaded.
5. Input a one-liner description of your product idea in the extension pop-up.
6. Get instant recommendations on how to validate your product.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Disclaimer

The recommendations provided by the extension are for informational purposes only and should not be considered as professional advice. Always conduct thorough research and seek the advice of experts before making any business decisions.
